Tests ran at 10 Apr 03 55 AM

42 tests passed out of 42 tests.

tests.py::TestClass::test_populate_database_with_five_movies_and_actors_creation: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_populate_database_with_five_movies_and_actors_creation: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_populate_one_movie_with_only_one_actor_creation: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_populate_one_movie_with_only_one_actor_creation: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_populate_database_for_three_movies_with_same_director_and_four_actors: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_populate_database_for_three_movies_with_same_director_and_four_actors: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_populate_database_when_one_actor_acted_in_three_movies: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_populate_database_when_one_actor_acted_in_three_movies: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_populate_database_when_actor_acted_in_multiple_roles_in_movies: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_populate_database_when_actor_acted_in_multiple_roles_in_movies: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_all_actors_acted_in_given_movies: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_get_all_actors_acted_in_given_movies: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_all_actors_acted_in_given_movies_one_actor_acted_in_all: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_get_all_actors_acted_in_given_movies_one_actor_acted_in_all: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_all_rating_objects_for_given_movies_when_there_are_ratings_for_all_movies: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_get_all_rating_objects_for_given_movies_when_there_are_ratings_for_all_movies: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_all_rating_objects_for_given_movies_when_there_is_no_rating_for_movie: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_get_all_rating_objects_for_given_movies_when_there_is_no_rating_for_movie: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movies_by_given_movie_names: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_get_movies_by_given_movie_names: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movies_by_given_movie_names_when_movie_names_are_same: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_get_movies_by_given_movie_names_when_movie_names_are_same: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_reset_ratings_for_movies_in_this_year_where_all_movies_released_in_given_year: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_reset_ratings_for_movies_in_this_year_where_all_movies_released_in_given_year: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_reset_ratings_for_movies_in_this_year_where_all_movies_released_in_given_year_but_two_movies_have_ratings: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_reset_ratings_for_movies_in_this_year_where_all_movies_released_in_given_year_but_two_movies_have_ratings: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_reset_ratings_for_movies_in_this_year_where_all_movies_not_released_in_given_year: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_reset_ratings_for_movies_in_this_year_where_all_movies_not_released_in_given_year: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_female_cast_details_from_movies_having_more_than_five_female_cast: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_get_female_cast_details_from_movies_having_more_than_five_female_cast: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_female_cast_details_from_movies_having_more_than_five_female_cast_where_only_one_movie_has_more_female_actors: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_perormance_of_get_female_cast_details_from_movies_having_more_than_five_female_cast_where_only_one_movie_has_more_female_actors: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_female_cast_details_from_movies_having_more_than_five_female_cast_where_no_movie_has_more_female_actors: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_get_female_cast_details_from_movies_having_more_than_five_female_cast_where_no_movie_has_more_female_actors: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_actor_movies_released_in_year_greater_than_or_equal_to_2000_where_every_movie_is_released_after_2000: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_get_actor_movies_released_in_year_greater_than_or_equal_to_2000_where_every_movie_is_released_after_2000: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_actor_movies_released_in_year_greater_than_or_equal_to_2000_where_one_movie_is_released_after_2000: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_get_actor_movies_released_in_year_greater_than_or_equal_to_2000_where_one_movie_is_released_after_2000: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_actor_movies_released_in_year_greater_than_or_equal_to_2000_where_no_movie_is_released_after_2000: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_get_actor_movies_released_in_year_greater_than_or_equal_to_2000_where_no_movie_is_released_after_2000: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_remove_all_actors_from_given_movie: passed
tests.py::TestClass::test_performance_of_remove_all_actors_from_given_movie: passed


Errors: 0 errors

